ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/MainActivity.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.MainActivity
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.MainActivity$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.MainActivity$2
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.MainActivity$3
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.MainActivity$4
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/FragmentControlBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.FragmentControlBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/StatusFragment.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.StatusFragment
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.StatusFragment$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.StatusFragment$2
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.StatusFragment$3
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.StatusFragment$4
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.StatusFragment$5
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.StatusFragment$5$1
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/FragmentStatusBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.FragmentStatusBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/ActivityDistanceSensorBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.ActivityDistanceSensorBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/AboutusActivity.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.AboutusActivity
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/ActivityLoginSepBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.ActivityLoginSepBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/ui/main/DistanceSensor.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ui.main.DistanceSensor
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ui.main.DistanceSensor$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ui.main.DistanceSensor$1$1
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/FragmentAddressBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.FragmentAddressBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/ActivityRegisterSepBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.ActivityRegisterSepBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/ui/main/Pressure_Temp.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ui.main.Pressure_Temp
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ui.main.Pressure_Temp$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ui.main.Pressure_Temp$1$1
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.DataBindingTriggerClass
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/ActivityPressureTempBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.ActivityPressureTempBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/ActivityHelpBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.ActivityHelpBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/FragmentReviewBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.FragmentReviewBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/ReviewFragment.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ReviewFragment
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ReviewFragment$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ReviewFragment$1$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ReviewFragment$2
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ReviewFragment$2$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ReviewFragment$3
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/AddressModel.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.AddressModel
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/RegisterSep.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.RegisterSep
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.RegisterSep$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.RegisterSep$2
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.RegisterSep$3
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.RegisterSep$4
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/LoginModel.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.LoginModel
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/LoginSep.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.LoginSep
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.LoginSep$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.LoginSep$2
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.LoginSep$3
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/FireFragment.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.FireFragment
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.FireFragment$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.FireFragment$2
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.FireFragment$3
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.FireFragment$3$1
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/FragmentFireBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.FragmentFireBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/databinding/ActivityAboutusBinding.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.databinding.ActivityAboutusBinding
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/Splash.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.Splash
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.Splash$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.Splash$2
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.Splash$3
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/HelpActivity.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.HelpActivity
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.HelpActivity$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.HelpActivity$2
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.HelpActivity$3
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/SettingsFragment.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.SettingsFragment
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.SettingsFragment$1
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/BuildConfig.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.BuildConfig
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/AddressFragment.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.AddressFragment
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.AddressFragment$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.AddressFragment$1$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.AddressFragment$2
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.AddressFragment$3
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.AddressFragment$4
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.AddressFragment$5
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.AddressFragment$6
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.AddressFragment$7
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ui.main.PageViewModel
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/ControlFragment.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ControlFragment
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ControlFragment$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ControlFragment$1$1
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ControlFragment$2
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ControlFragment$3
ca/team/safe/smart/home/it/safe/smart/home/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 ca.team.safe.smart.home.it.safe.smart.home.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
